Let's kinda step back and
think about it abstractly.
Imagine that we have
some compute blackbox,
right, some compute.
And it can be your,
I don't know, CPU, GPU, TPU,
FPGA, I can probably
talk about those later.
But it just doing some calculations.
So what kind of calculations,
what kind of operations it is doing?
Well, it depends on what
you provide to it, right?
So we need to provide the algorithm.
Or just model something, right?
The least of the instructions for
your compute to process,
so let's just draw it as
kinda couple of lines.
That's what our compute will be doing,
right?
This is our algorithm, and
we're just executing it.
To get something useful,
we also need to provide input.
So it can be input data or
some text, right, and
then this input data is processed.
We'll get some data out.
Something will be printed out, or
we can store something on disk, right?
But that's kinda conceptually what
the computer science is teaching us about.
We have some computes,
we're providing the instructions for
that compute to follow
in form of algorithm.
We're providing the input data in and
getting update data as the result.
In machine learning, Basically,
we can see that those
two, Are interchanged.
Meaning that, we're just simply grabbing,
Output result when we, sorry.
What we're doing in machine learning,
we're just taking those output data when
we're training our model, And
providing it to our compute.
Also to use, Right?
So remember on the previous diagram,
pretty messy one.
[LAUGH] But when we did for
propagation, we needed to know
if we're looking at the hot dog or
not hot dog, right?
So we needed an annotated data set.
Meaning that,
we are not only need thousands of those
images with hot dogs and not hot dogs, but
we also need to know if we're
looking at the hot dog or not.
So back to our schema,
the one we just drew,
It means that's to our compute when
we're training the neural network,
we're providing images,
let's actually switch,
images of the hot dogs and
images of not hot dogs.
But also, when we deem this training,
we should say what is the label, right?
So, hot dog or not.
And our compute, when just
readjusting those weights and biases,
It will somehow return back or
train this model, right?
So conceptually,
that's what machine learning is doing
when you're doing the training.
Provided the input data and
corresponding labels, it will retrain or
adopt the weights and
biases to return the correct result.
But what you're getting is the model,
all of those weights and biases.
So when the model is trained,
now you can actually freeze them,
right, and do the predictions.
If you're looking at the hot dog or
not hot dog by just putting some new
image our model has never seen before.
And it will just do the prediction,
correct prediction if it's looking at
the hot dog or not, by utilizing all of
those previously reinforced
connections between the neurons.